45930/lightnet in readme (#562)
o1-labs/zkapp-cli: README.md

```

_**Deployment is supported only to Berkeley Testnet until zkApp programmability is available on Mina Mainnet.**_

After you run `zk config`, the `zk deploy` command allows you to deploy a smart contract to a specified deploy alias.

Note: When you deploy to an alias for the first time, you are prompted to choose which smart contract you want to deploy from those that exist as _named_ exports in your project. The name of the smart contract that you choose is remembered by being saved into your `config.json` for this alias. For safety, the next time you run `zk deploy <alias>` this _same_ smart contract automatically deploys to this alias. See [Tutorial 3: Deploy to a Live Network](https://docs.minaprotocol.com/zkapps/tutorials/deploying-to-a-network).

## Testing your zkApp

To test your zkApps, you first create automated tests for your smart contract and test with a simulated local blockchain. See [Testing zkApps Locally](https://docs.minaprotocol.com/zkapps/testing-zkapps-locally).

Before you test with a live network, use Lightnet to test your zkApp locally on an accurate representation of a Mina blockchain. 

```sh

> zk lightnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zk lightnet --help
```

Reviewer 2: got it now!

Reviewer 2: sorry to miss this, I fixed in https://github.com/o1-labs/zkapp-cli/pull/572 

Thanks @shimkiv

```

See [Testing zkApps with Lightnet](https://docs.minaprotocol.com/zkapps/testing-zkapps-lightnet).

### Block Explorer

To launch a lightweight Mina explorer to monitor transactions in a web browser:

```sh
zk lightnet explorer
```

## Community Support and Participation

[Mina Protocol Discord](https://discord.gg/minaprotocol) is the most popular place where Mina enthusiasts and technical contributors gather to share knowledge. 

Join us in these zkApps channels:

* [#zkapps-developers](https://discord.com/channels/484437221055922177/915745847692636181) to meet other developers building zkApps with o1js
* [#zkapps-general](https://discord.com/channels/484437221055922177/910549624413102100) to ask general questions about zkApps, how to use a zkApp, and so on
* [#zkapps-questions](https://discord.com/channels/484437221055922177/1047214314349658172) to ask zkApps-related questions and see Q&A history

## Feedback

> To provide feedback, first review existing issues. You can create issues for zkApp CLI and Lightnet in this [zkapp-cli rep](https://github.com/o1-labs/zkapp-cli/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide feedback, first review existing issues. You can add contributions, feature requests or issues to this GitHub repository.
```
